They were hungry,
of course,
having made their way through
their stores of dried meat
and salt fish days ago,
even though carefully,
professionally rationed.
To a man,
they were expert seamen,
yet no expertise
can surmount a sea
that does not wish you
to reach shore.
- Come on!
- Heave, ho, heave.
- Until...
- Heave, ho, hum.
..finally...
Heave, ho, hum.
Heave, ho, heave.
..celebration was cut short.
The land reached
was barren, rocky.
No food, no shelter.
Only biting insects and snakes.
When they set off,
they dreamt of the riches
they would accumulate,
the fat-breasted women
they would send for.
Their dreams changed to bread,
roasted meats.
Even a salad would do.
Hah!
Reginn!
Gods.
They did not yet have
a word in their language
for 'miserable'.
They would have to invent one.
It was time
to leave this accursed land,
but their sails hung flabby
as Grandmother's teat.
The wind did not
wish them to leave.
They were becalmed
astride hell.
Lucky they knew
wind can be reasoned with.
The All-Father could intercede
with the wind on their behalf,
but they feared
he would not know
to look this far from home.
They would have
to MAKE him look.
Aargh!
But still...
..no wind.
Heave, ho.
Heave, ho, hum.
Heave.
Heave, ho.
Heave. Heave.
It was obvious now
what was required.
After all,
their god was a war god.
They left in a hurry,
not bothering to sew their wounds
or burn the dead.
And when they reached
their home shores,
not one of them
ever set foot in a boat
or spoke of that new world
ever again.
Heave, ho, hum.
Over 100 years later,
when Leif the Fortunate,
son of Erik the Red,
would rediscover that land,
he found his god waiting...
..along with his war.
Heave, ho, hum.
Best thing, only good thing
about being in prison,
is the relief.
You don't worry
if they're gonna get you
when they already got you.
Tomorrow can't do anything
today hasn't already managed.
Even better
with a death sentence.
Bam! Worst has already happened.
You get a few days
to let it sink in
and then you're riding the cart
on the way to do
your dance on nothing.
This country went to hell
when they stopped hanging folks.
No gallows dirt,
no gallows deals.
No gallows humour.
Yeah.
Funniest fucking shit
in the world.
You know, I'm not superstitious.
I believe in plenty
when there's reason
and evidence to believe.
I don't believe
in anything I can't see.
I feel like there's a fucking axe
hanging over my head.
No, I can't see it,
but...I believe it.
I can see it fine.
Prison has a way
of trying to keep you IN prison.
They'll do anything they can
to keep you inside with them.
I smell snow.
Hello?
I love you.
Something feels weird.
I love you too.
What feels weird?
I don't know. Um...
..the weather.
The air feels constipated,
like if it'd just push out a storm,
it'd be OK.
It's nice here.
Trees are budding.
There'll be leaves on 'em
when you get back.
Five days.
120 hours till you're home.
Everything's OK there, right?
Waiting for the sky to fall
is gonna cause more bother
than the sky actually falling,
which it isn't.
Yeah. So nothing's wrong?
Everything's fine.
Robbie's coming by.
We're planning your surprise party.
Welcome home.
- A surprise party?
- Which you know nothing about.
Not a thing.
I love you, puppy.
I love you too.
I love you too, baby.
Shadow Moon. This way.
Thank you for coming.
Sit down.
Please.
Says here you were
sentenced to six years
for aggravated assault
and battery.
Yes, sir.
Served three and were due
to be released on Friday.
Shadow, we're gonna
be releasing you
later this afternoon.
You'll be getting out
a couple of days early.
There's no good way to say this,
so I'll be plain.
This came in from Johnson City
Hospital in Eagle Point.
Your wife...
She died in the early hours
of this morning.
Was a...an automobile accident.
It's like one of them good news,
bad news jokes, isn't it?
Good news,
we're letting you out early.
Bad news, your wife's dead.
I'm sorry.
It's our policy.
I can't change your ticket
from two days from now to today.
If you have to change
your departure date
from Friday to today,
it's a $200 change fee,
plus the difference in fare.
- $200?
- Plus the difference in fare.
Do you have to travel today?
I have to get to Eagle Point, yeah.
It's for a funeral.
Not without
an original death certificate.
And there's no emails
and there's no copies.
Do not piss off
those bitches in airports.
Take a lesson from Johnnie Larch.
- Don't know Johnnie Larch.
- He got out after five years.
At the airport, hands his ticket
to the woman at the counter,
who asks
for his driver's licence.
He gives it to her.
She says, "It's expired."
He says, "It might not be
a valid driver's licence,
"but it's a damn fine identification.
"There's my picture,
weight and height.
"Who the fuck you think it is?"
She says, "I'll thank you
for not using that language, sir."
He says, "Give me
my fucking boarding pass
"right fucking now."
Now, he has the right to take
that tone. She disrespected him.
You don't let people
disrespect you in prison.
Why the fuck would he let her
disrespect him as a free man?
Mm-mm.
She hit a button.
Security shows up.
He's back in prison.
You understand
what I'm saying right now?
One of those behaviours
that work
inside a specialised environment
such as a prison,
but doesn't work when
outside such an environment
sort of situation.
No, dummy.
I'm saying
do not piss off
those bitches in airports.
This is
the final boarding call
for Flight 286, Orlando.
Final boarding call, Flight...
How much for a flight tomorrow?
Hey, Robbie.
They tell me Laura's dead.
Let me out early.
Coming home.
I bought it. I d...I did!
I did. I...I've got to get
to my son's christening. Hm?
I...I bought
a first-class ticket.
Sir, this isn't
I...I sent a cheque.
Look, th...there's...
there's my name.
I got to get back.
He was only born two days ago.
We...we named him...
Sir, are you sure you're
supposed to be travelling alone?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
My son always travels with me.
He takes care of everything,
all the bills.
I've just got to get back
for his christening
and everything
will be alright.
You know what?
- He...he'll take care of me.
- We're gonna get you in first.
- Get...just get him in first.
- First-class? Thank you.
Yeah, you're gonna go
in first class. OK?
- Thank you. Thank you.
- Don't worry anymore.
- And mind your bag.
- Thank you.
- Watch your step.
Next. So sorry.
Can you take your seat?
This lady is sitting in it.
5D times two.
Now do you see the problem?
- You need to take another seat.
- Point to one and I'll take it.
Really?
At this time please ensure
seat backs and tray tables...
I guess this must be
your lucky day, huh?
- ..seatbelts...
- Cashews.
- Thank you.
- Love 'em.
Native to Brazil, but grow like
motherfuckers in Florida. Mm!
I'm supposed
to take your drink, sir.
Yeah, but you won't,
'cause you'd have said
"I need to take your drink, sir"
or "I have to take that drink,"
neither of which happened,
so don't worry about it.
I'll hold her very tight
while you pour my friend here
a Jack and Coke
and get me another one, hm?
- Flight attendants...
- Thank you.
..prepare the cabin
for departure.
- Are you nervous?
- Uh...
- Never flown before.
- Nothing to it.
Just sit back, be a bird
and drink up.
I offer you
the worm from my beak,
and you look at me
like I fucked your mom?
Sorry. No. It's...
You're just the first person
I've talked to
who wasn't an asshole.
Give me time.
Oh...
Nice work on the upgrade.
Straight-up sympathy play, huh?
It's risky.
Airlines are
the ultimate clip joint.
They deserve that and worse.
What would YOU have done,
my boy?
Uh, good Samaritan.
You know, gentleman's curve.
- If I was a travelling man.
- Oh, which you are not?
Mm-mm. No, sir, not me.
Seems like a firm decision
made for good reasons.
I respect that -
a man gets out of prison,
he should concentrate above all
on not going back.
Oh, don't worry about me.
I got an eye for these things.
Just the one, but I can see
that you're not used
to the fresh air.
But I don't see the joy
of being out.
Also, you lost something vital
in there, not just time.
What should I call you,
if I were so inclined?
- Shadow Moon.
- Oh, my boy!
That is one outstandingly
improbable name.
Shadow Moon. Moon Shadow.
Goddamn hippie parents.
- Hippie PARENT.
- Mama had a big afro, huh?
'Dancing Queen', hm?
Yeah. She had the whole kit.
And if I was inclined,
what might I call you?
What's today?
- Wednesday.
- Hm...
Today's my day.
Let's go with that, huh?
Thank you so much, darling.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please remain in your seats.
Mm. Always good to meet
a fellow traveller, Shadow...
Oh. Excuse me. I'm sorry.
But when you were,
what was your downfall?
Uh, casinos.
Oh, bang-bang big time, huh?
Yeah,
and some small time.
Yeah.
Alright...
Ah...
Yeah.
Better at the small than big.
Ah, you got more talent
than me.
I got two. One is
I can sleep anywhere, anytime.
The other one is that I usually
end up getting what I want.
On average, over time.
It's all about getting people
to believe in you.
It's not their cash,
it's their faith.
Well, take this plane,
for example.
This 80-ton chub of metal,
seat cushions and Bloody Mary mix
has no right
to be soaring through the sky.
But along comes Newton,
explains something
about the airflow
over the wing
creating an uplift
or some such shit,
none of which
makes a lick of sense,
but you got 82 passengers
back there
who believe it so fiercely,
the plane continues its journey
safely.
Now, what's keeping us aloft?
Faith or Newton?
Mm!
They give you a free little shit kit
in first class.
You might not have known that.
How you fixed for work?
Who needs work
when you're rich, huh?
Well, I just happen to be
in a hiring position.
And I could be Mr Wednesday
with a shake of the hand.
Perfectly legal work,
for the most part.
Good money, open roads,
no aggravation.
Well, a little bit by and by,
but, uh, you know.
I would have no hesitation
hiring an ex-con.
Don't rush into this.
Take your time, hm?
No, thank you.
But I have a job waiting for me
at my buddy's gym.
No, you don't.
I could use a fellow like you.
There's always work for a big guy
who's smart enough to know
he's better off
letting people think he's dumb.
Oh, by the way,
did I mention the bonuses?
Outstanding benefits.
I'll even throw in a pension
if you'd like
and I can tell you
what the fuck a pension is.
Hell, by the end of your tenure,
you could be
the next king of America.
I told you, I got a job.
Of course, of course. Anyway.
As a wise man once said,
a man gets out of prison,
he should be focused above all
on not going back.
Don't rush into it.
Ah.
Believe.
Sir? Sir?
Oh, great.
I slept through first class.
Sorry. We had to make
an emergency landing.
Can't blame us
for the weather.
I can get you
on a flight tomorrow
that'll get you
into Eagle Point by 6:00.
How many miles
is it from here?
♪ Torture
- ♪ Doo, doo, doo
- ♪ Torture
♪ Doo, doo, doo
♪ Baby, you're torturing me
♪ So if you love me
let me know-ow-ow
♪ But if you don't
please let me go
♪ Torture
♪ Doo, doo, doo
♪ Baby, you're torturing me
♪ You know that
I'm crazy about you
♪ Yet you make me
do without... ♪
♪ You're torturing me
♪ Torturing me. ♪
I've only been on three other dates
from the computer.
I...I don't
think I have the talent for it.
Meeting you...
..I'm glad my kids forced me
into getting on
that stupid thing.
You...like me?
Are you sure?
I want to see you again.
I know.
I mean, we...we can wait
and do it then.
We will.
Light that for me, would you?
I'm not what I once was.
You're perfect.
You don't think I'm spent?
You're the sexiest
goddamn thing
I've ever gotten
to touch for free.
Mm.
I'm so...
I don't know what I'm doing.
What man does?
Let me...
Oh...
Don't let go. Not yet.
Do something for me.
Worship me.
Stay here.
With your words.
With your body.
Worship me.
Pray to me like I'm your god.
Your goddess.
Don't know how.
Uh, you feel so good.
I could keep fucking you
forever.
Worship me! Say my name!
- Bilquis.
- Again!
Bilquis.
Bilquisss...
Beloved.
I worship your breasts
and your eyes
and your cunt
and I worship your thighs
and your eyes
and your cherry-red lips.
Daughter of the South,
storm queen
on a throne of honey,
secret owner of all gold.
I am yours,
my beloved Bilquis.
Queens and concubines
and maidens
hide their faces in shame
before you,
because you are
the mother of all beauty.
Trees bow and warriors fall.
Give me your blessing.
I bow my head before you
and worship you.
Oh, my God, that's incredible.
What are you doing?
Don't stop, honey.
I offer you everything.
My money, my blood, my life!
Please, I pray that
you give me your gift,
your one pure gift
that I might always be
so...so...
Go on! Let go!
Give me everything.
All that I have!
Everything!
Gift me your body.
I love you.
Hello, kitty.
What can I get you?
Ah, what can I get
for next to nothing?
Buffalo Burger's great.
Chilli's better.
Both together
will make a happy man.
Yeah.
My wife makes a great chilli.
You ain't ever had
chilli like this, kitty.
I got the best chilli
in the state.
I can't afford both
and gas money.
Oh, sure you can.
Just don't make a mess
and stiff me on the tip.
Permission granted.
Not that rushing
into things can't be a good thing.
Sex rushed into
tends to work out best
for all involved.
Marriages, oh, I grant,
may merit an extra moment's
consideration.
Oh, apologies, amigo.
Insensitive of me
to talk about marriage.
I am truly, deeply sorry
about your wife.
Nice obituary, though,
I thought. Hm?
OK, I've said "fuck off"
politely
as many ways as I'm gonna.
Now I'm fixing to be direct.
Don't you want to ask me
about the job?
I don't want your fucking job.
Ask me about the job.
I thought
you'd want to reconsider
on account of your friend
Robbie's condition
and on account
of you being broke.
What about his condition?
The fuck do you know
about Robbie?
More than you, it seems.
Robbie Burton is dead.
Page seven.
♪ My grandma and your grandma
♪ Were sitting by the fire
♪ My grandma told your grandma
♪ I'm gonna set
your flag on fire
- ♪ Talking 'bout hey now
- ♪ Hey now
- ♪ Iko, iko, an dey... ♪
- You're right.
- ♪ Jock-a-mo fee-no ai... ♪
- I'm broke.
♪ Jock-a-mo fee na-ne... ♪
I don't have a job.
But, you know,
I won't work for anyone
who's got worse luck than me.
So call.
If I win, you work for me?
- ♪ Talking 'bout hey now... ♪
- Yeah.
- ♪ Hey now
- ♪ Iko, iko, an dey... ♪
- Heads.
♪ Ai na-ne
Jock-a-mo fee na-ne... ♪
- Tails. I rigged the toss.
- ♪ My black boy and your... ♪
Rigged games
are the easiest to beat.
It is always gonna be tails,
because I don't want
to work for you.
You're a little creepy
and you're forward and familiar
and I don't like it.
♪ Jock-a-mo fee na-ne... ♪
I don't like you.
It's not always gonna be tails.
♪ See that guy
all dressed in green?
♪ Iko, iko, an dey
He not a man... ♪
We'll negotiate the terms
of your employment
over a drink.
- ♪ Hey now, hey now
♪ Iko, iko, an dey
♪ Jock-a-mo fee-no ai na-ne
♪ Jock-a-mo fee na-ne. ♪
Tails.
Every fucking time.
Coin tricks, is it?
You're working
for our man, then?
- Who are you?
- I'm a leprechaun.
OK. You're a little tall
for a leprechaun.
That's a stereotype.
Represents a very narrow view
of the world.
So what, you're from Ireland?
I told you I'm a leprechaun.
We don't come
from Moscow, Russia.
Or Moscow, Idaho,
for that matter.
How much has our man told you?
- No details.
- Devil's in the details.
Do you know who he is?
Who he really is?
Well, I never. Mad Sweeney
as I live and breathe.
What a surprise.
Southern Comfort and Coke for you.
Jack Daniel's for me.
And these are for you,
Shadow Moon.
- What is it?
- Ooh...
Tastes like prison hooch,
brewed in a garbage bag
with rotten fruit.
But sweeter,
smoother, stranger.
It's mead. Honey wine.
Drink of heroes,
drink of the gods.
Tastes like
a drunken diabetic's piss.
It's a tradition.
It seals our bargain.
- We don't have a bargain.
- Of course we do.
I won the toss.
You work for me now.
You're my aide-de-camp.
My castellan.
Protect and serve.
You drive
where needs driving to.
You take care of things
generally on my behalf.
And in an emergency -
in an emergency only -
you kick the asses of those
whose asses require kicking.
And in the unlikely event
of my death,
you will hold my vigil.
He's hustling you.
- He's a hustler.
- Damn right.
I'm a hustler, swindler,
cheater and liar.
That's why I need assistance.
You've told me what you want.
Want to know what I want?
Of course I do.
Name your price.
I just want to go
to my wife's funeral.
OK? I just want to say goodbye.
Now after that, yeah, fine,
I'll work for you for $2,000 a week.
You want me to hurt people?
Well, I'll hurt people
if they try and hurt you.
I'm not gonna hurt anyone
for fun or profit.
I'll work for you up to which point
you start to piss me off
and then I'm gone.
Good. We have a compact.
The second seals the deal.
The third is the charm
and we're done.
There.
You're my man now.
Ah...
It'll be heads.
Well, if it's coin tricks
we're doing...
..watch this.
Now that's a coin trick
for you.
- How'd you do it?
- With panache.
So what, you loaded
coins up your sleeves?
Sounds like a lot of work to me.
It's easier just to pluck 'em
out of the air.
Simplest trick in the world.
- How'd you do it?
- Tell you what.
I'll fight you for it.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Come on.
I'm not fighting you.
Real gold, if you're wondering.
Win or lose...
..and you're gonna lose -
it's yours if you fight me.
He said he doesn't want
to fight you.
Come on. Big fella like you.
Who'd have thought
you'd be a fucking coward?
Whiff of death on the page.
Laura Moon.
Oh. Is...
Is this your old lady's obituary?
She was a fine...
Hey, everybody!
There's gonna be
a lesson learned!
Watch this.
Attaboy.
Now you're fighting
for the joy of it,
for the sheer unholy
fucking delight of it!
Can you feel the joy
rising in your veins
like the sap
in the springtime?
We're done.
It ain't over till I say it is.
You may have drank a lot.
Let it come back to you.
So what do you know, huh?
I know I'm in pain.
And I know
I recently said yes
to something stupid.
That may be true.
Did he teach me that trick?
You know what, I believe he did.
- Don't suppose you heard him?
- No such luck.
- Where's my car?
- Oh, I dumped it.
Red's not your colour.
And don't get used to this.
You're going to be driving Betty here
from now on.
I just thought
you could use some sleep.
It's not every day
a man gets to bury his wife.
I have preparations and
communications to keep me busy,
after which
I will entertain myself.
Now I'll tell you this once
and once only EVER.
Take all the time you need.
♪ Nearer my God to Thee... ♪
- Hello, Shadow.
- ♪ Nearer to... ♪
- It's nice to see you.
- ♪..to Thee... ♪
Did you escape or did they,
uh...they let you out?
- Audrey!
- Well...
Not the reunion
you were hoping for.
Well, she looks pretty.
They did a hell of a job
reconstructing
her face and neck.
I think that and the coffin
just killed your savings.
All so you could have
that nice open casket,
get one last look
at her pretty face.
I'm sorry about Robbie, OK?
He was a really good friend
and I know he loved you
like crazy.
So did Laura.
♪ My song shall be... ♪
Whoa! Shit, Shadow.
No-one told you?
She died with my husband's cock
in her mouth.
♪ My girl, my girl
♪ Don't lie to me
♪ Tell me where
did you sleep last night?
♪ In the pines, in the pines
♪ Where the sun never shines
♪ We'll shiver
the whole night through
♪ My daddy was
♪ A railroad man
♪ Killed a mile and a half
from here
♪ His head was found
♪ In a driver's wheel
♪ His body
has never been found. ♪
What did you do, Laura?
Wha...what was it?
Was it a one-time thing
the night before I got back?
Ah, that's...
That's a "we're in this together" thing.
Was it love? If you were gonna leave,
you could have told me.
OK? I could've taken it.
You know,
I had a surprise for you.
I read when I was in.
Mainly history.
Six books a week
for three years.
813 books.
8 and 13 - Fibonacci numbers.
And I know that why?
Because four of them
were about math.
I like math. Who knew?
I just wanted to come back
better than when I went in...
..for you.
I wanted to be a part
of your history.
God damn it, Laura.
Two funerals in a day.
Husband and best friend.
But you skipped Robbie's.
- That's fair.
- Audrey...
I was yelling at mine too.
It doesn't do any good.
It's just anger makes you feel
like you can change the outcome.
But there's no arguing
with dead, no debate,
because dead wins
10 out of 10.
So I pissed on him.
How long were they...?
Not sure. Long time,
now that I put things together.
Late nights, daytime showers.
Dickless piece of shit!
That's not an epithet.
That is a literal description.
Severed at the root
in the crash.
Coroner had the nerve to ask me
what I wanted him
to do with it.
I told him
leave it where he found it.
Relax. They didn't bury Laura
with it still in her mouth.
I had him put it
somewhere special.
Don't listen to me, Shadow.
I lost count on the Ativan.
I'm interrupting.
You were saying your piece.
No, I'm not.
People did enough talking today.
I think someone actually said
she's in a better place.
She's in Parkview Cemetery.
Target would be
more interesting than here.
If there isn't some kind
of life after death,
I'm gonna be SO pissed.
Kicked fucking puppy.
I hated you guys as a couple
'cause of this,
the way that you...
you looked at her.
Robbie did his best
to avoid looking at me.
Get used to the boot, puppy.
There is no closure
from the dead.
Maybe, you know,
three years from now,
some therapist will tell you,
"Write her a letter
"saying everything
you wish you could say to her
"and drop it in the ocean
"and maybe it'll help."
It won't help.
I'm sorry for your loss,
Shadow.
I really am.
Anyone tell you that yet?
I'm not sure.
Oh. Anyone even hug you?
Shit. Well, you just
got out of prison.
- You haven't been hugged in...
- ..how long?
I read that's a thing
with ex-cons,
forgetting what it's like
just to feel someone.
Oh, shit. You...
you worked out in prison.
I have a proposal for closure
for us both.
- Audrey...
- No, no. Hear me out.
This is a good one.
Lex talionis.
An eye for an eye,
blowjob for a blowjob.
Right here
where they can see us.
- I appreciate the offer, but...
- My husband and your wife!
My best friend!
I want them to see it.
I want Robbie to watch
while I take this gorgeous man's cock
in my mouth.
Pissing on him wasn't enough.
I want you to come in my mouth.
I'm gonna spit it on his grave.
Jesus, who knew
I could be so angry?
No, no, no. Stop.
Stop, stop, stop, stop.
You're right. Fuck me already.
Don't, Audrey. I can't...
I'm trying to get my dignity
back here!
Hold on.
Wait. Audrey!
Hello, Shadow.
Don't fuck with me.
OK.
I won't.
Uh, but if you could just drop me off
at the Motel America...
Hit him.
I said don't fuck with me.
Now, that was fucking with me.
Keep your answers short
and to the point
or I will fucking kill you.
Or maybe I won't, maybe
I'll just have the Children here
break every bone
in your fucking body.
So don't fuck with me.
- Got it.
- You're working for Wednesday.
Yeah.
- Smoke?
- No, thank you.
Well, it's not tobacco
and it ain't weed.
It smells
like an appliance fire.
Synthetic toad skins.
Hm.
What the fuck is Wednesday after?
What's he doing here?
There's got to be a plan.
What's the game plan, man?
I started working
for Mr Wednesday this morning.
How auspicious.
You must be special.
- No, I'm just an errand boy.
- Is that all?
Wednesday is history.
Forgotten and...old.
He should just let it happen.
We are the future.
We don't give a fuck about him
or anyone like him anymore.
They are consigned
to the dumpster.
Now we have
reprogrammed reality.
Language is a virus,
religion an operating system
and prayers are just
so much fucking spam.
OK, well,
you're saying all this
like I'm supposed to know
what the fuck you're talking about.
The dominant fucking paradigm,
Shadow.
That is the only
important thing.
By the way, I was sorry to hear
about your wife. Tough break.
- Thanks.
- So I will ask again.
What is it Wednesday is up to?
We've barely exchanged
a dozen words.
You can let me out here.
I'll walk the rest.
- You're saying you don't know?
- Telling you I don't know.
Would you tell me
even if you did?
Probably not.
As you say,
I work for Mr Wednesday.
Well, then why the fuck
am I wasting my time
sitting here talking to you?
You know, I was curious myself
how long you'd go on
sucking your own dick.
Kill him.
We're not just going
to kill you, Shadow.
We're going to delete you.
One click
and you are overwritten.
Undelete...
..that is not an option.